## This is the on-site lottery system of the AI Summit (branch), AI Institute, Sinovation Ventures at NEU 
Brief introduction of the conference: The AI summit is hosted by the AI Summit (branch), AI Institute, Sinovation Ventures, and the Northeast University branch venue is hosted by the Northeast University Machine Learning Community. The invited guests is Professor Jingbo ZHU, professor at the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Northeastern University, a doctoral supervisor, the first batch of specially-appointed professors of AI Institute, IFLYTEK CO., LTD., and the pre-director of the Natural Language Processing Lab. Dr. Zhu has been engaged in basic research in language analysis and machine translation since 1992, and has published more than 100 academic papers. NiuTrans, a well-known open source system for machine translation in the international academic community, won the highest prize in the field of natural language processing in China of 2016-Weichang Qian First Prize in Chinese Information Processing Science and Technology, which has been shared by more than 2,000 universities in more than 70 countries Free research by corporate research institutes. The translation system under development is currently the world's most supported machine translation system (two-way translation from 187 languages to Chinese). It has won the world championship and the English-Chinese / Chinese-English translation  evaluation of the world's top machine translation evaluation competition WMT2018. The NiuTrans cloud platform is selected as the first batch of national innovation projects of deep integration of artificial intelligence and the real economy. NiuTrans has provided machine translation technology services for more than 50 enterprises and institutions including IFLYTEK CO., LTD., China Unicom, Tencent, Ctrip, JD.com, National Patent Office, National Civil Affairs Commission, etc., and has gradually become the domestic leader in machine translation sheep. Professor Zhu shared with us the latest technology in machine translation and NiuTrans translation work.

Live recording link: https://zoom.us/meeting/register/13613b92ebbf0426d746f627e8486654

Photo link: https://pan.baidu.com/s/1pMyxty00-sxFYD_g__BYPQ Extraction code: q6mi

Video link: https://pan.baidu.com/s/12fxP6O847Raq5mDeDcZzgg Extraction code: fiqp

Webpage display: https://shenjimei.github.io/AI_Challenger_NEU/
